Business Problem:
With the rise of food trucks, owners / chefs must do their research to determine the best location for operating their food truck. Some experts ventrue to say location is even more important than the menu.  An advantage of the food truck is the ability to rove; however, understanding the food truck scene in New Orleans will be important to determining which neighborhood is the best location to attract eager customers. 
Background:
Food trucks have come along way since the first covered wagon was parked in front of a local newspaper office in Providence, RI in 1972 (Engber, 2014). Although food trucks have been around well before the 21st century, the food truck phenomenon didn't start until 2008 in LA (Restaurant Engine, nd). The rise of the food truck can be attribted to social media to help build fan base as well the economic downturn and recession in 2008. 
Food truck nation continues to thrive in part as a result of a socity in search of instant gratification and time constraints. Food trucks offer diverse food and offer people opporutnity to try new food. New markets are presenting themselves at rapid rates.  No longer are food trucks only found at fairs and outside downtown offices, you can find them outside airports, schools, markets and even special events such as weddings, birthday parites and public gatherings. 
Data:
Data will include a list of neighborhoods in New Orleans along with their geographical coordinates (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neighborhoods_in_New_Orleans, 2019). Location data will be explored using FourSquare API.  These data include venue types within a 1000m radius of the neighborhoods. The number of venues for each venue cateogry is analyzed to determine the average number of venues per neighborhood. Example features that can be extracted from the data include ‘Venue’, ‘Venue Latitude’, ‘Venue Longitude’, and ‘Venue Category’. To address the current busines problem we are particularly interested in the venues categorized as Food Trucks.
Target Audience: 
The size of the food truck industry was expected to be approximately $985M in 2019 (Saxe, 2018). The food truck industry has a lower level of investment required compared to a brick-and-mortar restaurant, which can make this a more affordable business opportunity. Immigrants, women, and LGBTQ entrepreneurs account for a surprising number of truck and cart owners. Mobile food businesses also provide an opportunity for people to fulfill their side hustles or who want something other than a 9 to 5 job, since they can be packed up at the end of the day. This means that the food truck industry appeals to a wide audience, but understanding where to locate the truck will be helpful to their profitability.
